Create sprint-87-summary.md (#2769)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Sprint-Review/sprint-87-summary.md

# Sprint 87 Summary
11/22/23 - 12/05/23

Velocity (Dev): 5

## Sprint Goal
* Dev:
    * Continue parsing engine development
        * Review SSP Sec 04
        * Implement all Tribal Sec (02, 03 and review 01)
    * Finalize review on #2683 - ZAP CORS Misconfiguration
    * #2599 - Error Report "Friendly Names"

>     * Coordinate w/ OFA and draft dev contingency plan for future gov shutdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Coordinate w/ OFA and draft dev contingency plan in event of lapse in government funding
```

>         - Document any further planning (if any beyond Andrew's use of ACF laptop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
